https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-23768 (#8240)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore_hub.adoc

[#restore-data-initial-hub]
= Restoring data to the initial hub cluster

> You can run a hub cluster disaster recovery simulation then restore your data to the initial hub cluster and use it as your primary hub cluster. When you conduct a disaster recovery operation test, you simulate a primary hub cluster failure and restore its data to a new hub cluster, verifying that your backup and restore process works. After your disaster recovery test simulation completes, return to the primary hub cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet.

Reviewer: These are independent clauses, "You can **run** a hub cluster disaster recovery simulation then **restore** your data to the initial hub cluster and **use** it as your primary hub cluster." Since there are three verbs, what are your thoughts about the following rewrite? 

Are there any prereqs for restoring data to the initial hub cluster?

```suggestion
Restore the data to your initial hub cluster to ensure that the configuration, network settings, and associated identities remain the same after the recovery. Run a hub cluster discovery simulation. Then, restore your data on your initial hub cluster.

When you conduct a disaster recovery operation test, you simulate a primary hub cluster failure and restore its data to a new hub cluster, verifying that your backup and restore process works. After your disaster recovery test simulation completes, return to the primary hub cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet.

.Prerequisites

- List them if there are any
```

Author: @dockerymick thanks! As far as prereqs, I believe it's just having run a disaster recovery simulation test. @birsanv is there something else you'd want to add? 

Regarding your suggested rewrite, it's more so a case of _after_ a user runs a disaster recovery to test that their backup processes work, they can restore their data to the initial hub cluster, and when that data gets restored to the initial hub cluster, the user can then use that initial hub cluster as the primary hub cluster. 

Although I like your rewrites, I'm not sure if we convey exactly what we want to. @birsanv what do you think? 

@dockerymick to your point, I do think the separate verbs and clauses could be conveyed better. What do you think of my rewrite to make it more like a sequence of actions "After, you can, then..."?

> You can run a hub cluster disaster recovery simulation then restore your data to the initial hub cluster and use it as your primary hub cluster. When you conduct a disaster recovery operation test, you simulate a primary hub cluster failure and restore its data to a new hub cluster, verifying that your backup and restore process works. The simulation also confirms if your data and configurations can get recovered, then performs this recovery to restore your data back to the primary hub cluster. 

Reviewer 2: I am a bit not sure about this last sentence ( we already mentioned what you are doing in a simulation in terms of testing - basically you verify the restore works, nothing new added here. ): The simulation also confirms if your data and configurations can get recovered, then performs this recovery to restore your data back to the primary hub cluster.

what about :
After your disaster recovery test simulation completes, you return to the primary hub cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet.

[#restore-data-initial-hub]
= Restoring data to the initial hub cluster

> After you run a hub cluster disaster recovery simulation, you can restore your data to the initial hub cluster, then use it as your primary hub cluster. 

Reviewer: Fire rewrite!

[#returning-primary-hub]
== Returning to the primary hub cluster 

> After your disaster recovery tests complete, you can return to the primary hub cluster and make it the active hub cluster that manages the cluster fleet. 

Reviewer: prompt the user by adding, "Complete the following steps to..."
